feat(): PostgreSQL example with snapshot triggered by Kafka event (#338)
debezium/debezium-examples: postrges-kafka-signal/README.md

# PostgreSQL Snapshot via Kafka event 

> With the release of Debezium version 2.3, table snapshots cannot just 
> be triggered by an insert into signal table but also by a message into a signal Kafka topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the release of Debezium version 2.3, incremental snapshot can be [triggered in a different way](https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/2.3/configuration/signalling.html) and not only via an insert into signal table. Also Kafka signal, that was available only for MySQL with GTIDs enabled, is now an option for all connectors.
```
